Open Box Number 1. 
“In the sixth month, God sent the angel Gabriel to Nazareth, a town in Galilee, to a virgin pledged to be married to a man named Joseph, a descendant of David. The virgin’s name was Mary. The angel went to her and said, ‘Greetings, you who are highly favored! The Lord is with you… You will be with child and give birth to a son, and you are to give him the name Jesus.’”


Open Box Number 2. 
“This is how the birth of Jesus Christ came about: His mother Mary was pledged to be married to Joseph, but before they came together, she was found to be with child through the Holy Spirit.”

Open Box Number 3. 
“And Mary said:
     ‘My soul glorifies the Lord
          and my spirit rejoices in God my Savior,
     for he has been mindful
          of the humble state of his servant.
     From now on all generations will call me blessed,
        for the Mighty One has done great things for me—holy is his name.
     His mercy extends to those who fear him,
          from generation to generation.
     He has performed mighty deeds with his arm;
          he has scattered those who are proud in their inmost thoughts.
     He has brought down rulers from their thrones
          but has lifted up the humble.
     He has filled the hungry with good things
          but has sent the rich away empty.
     He has helped his servant Israel,
          remembering to be merciful
     to Abraham and his descendants forever,
          even as he said to our fathers.’”

Open Box Number 4.
“An angel of the Lord appeared to [Joseph] in a dream and said, ‘Joseph son of David, do not be afraid to take Mary home as your wife, because what is conceived in her is from the Holy Spirit.’”

Open Box Number 5.
“‘[Mary] will give birth to a son, and you are to give him the name Jesus, because he will save his people from their sins.’”

Open Box Number 6. 
“All this took place to fulfill what the Lord had said through the prophet: ‘The virgin will be with child and will give birth to a son, and they will call him Immanuel’—which means, ‘God with us.’”

“Therefore the Lord himself will give you a sign: The virgin will be with child and will give birth to a son, and will call him Immanuel.”

Open Box Number 7. 
“So Joseph also went up from the town of Nazareth in Galilee to Judea, to Bethlehem the town of David, because he belonged to house and line of David.”

Open Box Number 8. 
“Joseph went to Bethlehem to register with Mary, who was pledged to be married to him and was expecting a child.”

Open Box Number 9. 
“‘But you, Bethlehem Ephrathah,
     though you are small among the clans of Judah,
out of you will come for me
     one who will be ruler over Israel,
whose origins are from of old,
     from ancient times.’”

Open Box Number 10.
“While they were [in Bethlehem], the time came for the baby to be born, and [Mary] gave birth to her firstborn, a son…”

Open Box Number 11. 

“Mary wrapped Jesus in cloths and placed him in a manger, because there was no room for them in the inn.”

Open Box Number 12.
“For to us a child is born,
     to us a son is given,
     and the government will be on his shoulders.
And he will be called
     Wonderful Counselor, Mighty God,
     Everlasting Father, Prince of Peace.”

Open Box Number 13.
“And there were shepherds living out in the fields nearby, keeping watch over their flocks at night. An angel of Lord appeared to them, and the glory of the Lord shone around them, and they were terrified. But the angel said to them, ‘Do not be afraid. I bring you good news of great joy that will be for all the people. Today in the town of David a Savior has been born to you; he is Christ the Lord.’”

Open Box Number 14.
“‘This will be a sign to you: You will find a baby wrapped in cloths and lying in a manger.’”

Open Box Number 15.
“Suddenly a great company of the heavenly host appeared with the angel, praising God and saying,
     ‘Glory to God in the highest;
          and on earth peace to men on whom his favor rests.’”

Open Box Number 16. 
“When the angels had left them and gone into heaven, the shepherds said to one another, ‘Let’s go to Bethlehem and see this thing that has happened, which the Lord has told us about.’ So they hurried off and found Mary and Joseph, and the baby, who was lying in the manger. When they had seen him, they spread the word concerning what had been told them about this child, and all who heard it were amazed at what the shepherds said to them.”

Open Box Number 17.
“Come, let us bow down in worship,
     let us kneel before the Lord our Maker;
for he is our God
     and we are the people of his pasture,
     the flock under his care.”

Open Box Number 18.
“But Mary treasured up all these things and pondered them in her heart. The shepherds returned, glorifying and praising God for all the things they had heard and seen, which were just as they had been told.”
… “The child’s father and mother marveled at what was said about [Jesus]. Then Simeon blessed them and said to Mary, his mother: ‘This child is destined to cause the falling and rising of many in Israel, and to be a sign that will be spoken against, so that the thoughts of many hearts will be revealed. And a sword will pierce your own soul too.’”

Open Box Number 19.
“On the eighth day, when it was time to circumcise him, he was named Jesus, the name the angel had given him before he had been conceived.”

Open Box Number 20.
“When the time of their purification according to the Law of Moses had been completed, Joseph and Mary took [Jesus] to Jerusalem to present him to the Lord (as it is written in the Law of the Lord, ‘Every firstborn male is to be consecrated to the Lord’), and to offer a sacrifice in keeping with what is said in the Law of the Lord: ‘a pair of doves or two young pigeons.’”

“When all the people were being baptized, Jesus was baptized too. And as he was praying, heaven was opened and the Holy Spirit descended on him in bodily form like a dove. And a voice came from heaven: ‘You are my Son, whom I love; with you I am well pleased.’”

Open Box Number 21.
“Now there was a man in Jerusalem called Simeon, who was righteous and devout. He was waiting for the consolation of Israel, and the Holy Spirit was upon him. It had been revealed to him by the Holy Spirit that he would not die before he had seen the Lord’s Christ. Moved by the Spirit, he went into the temple courts. When the parents brought in the child Jesus to do for him what the custom of the Law required, Simeon took him in his arms and praised God, saying:
     ‘Sovereign Lord, as you have promised,
          you now dismiss your servant in peace.
     For my eyes have seen your salvation,
          which you have prepared in sight of all people,
     a light for revelation to the Gentiles
          and for glory to your people Israel.’”

Open Box Number 22.
“After Jesus was born in Bethlehem in Judea, during the time of King Herod, Magi from the east came to Jerusalem.”

Open Box Number 23.
“Magi from the east came to Jerusalem and asked, ‘Where is the one who has been born king of the Jews? We saw his star in the east and have come to worship him.’”

Open Box Number 24. 
“After [the Magi] had heard the king, they went on their way, and the star they had seen in the east went ahead of them until it stopped over the place where the child was. When they saw the star, they were overjoyed.”

Open Box Number 25.
“On coming to the house, they saw the child with his mother Mary, and they bowed down and worshiped him. Then they opened their treasures and presented him with gifts of gold and of incense and of myrrh.” 
